#  Swiss Re: Coffee Shop PoC

This project is a Command Line Interface (CLI) based application designed for managing orders in a CoffeeShop application.
It allows users to add products to an order, review the order, confirm it, and process payments.

## Features

- **Add Product Items**:  Choose coffee, orange juice, bacon rolls, and extras. Specify details like size and any additional options for each product selected.
- **Review & Confirm Order**: Check your order details and confirm.
- **Proceed to Payment**: Calculate discounts and complete the transaction and generate a receipt.

## Design
The **LLD and technical overview** are located in a separate [LLD](https://smirnou.github.io/swiss-re-coffee-shop/LLD.html) file.

## Code Coverage

View the latest code coverage report [here](https://smirnou.github.io/swiss-re-coffee-shop/coverage/index.html).

This report is generated by JaCoCo and deployed to GitHub Pages automatically via GitHub Actions. It provides insights into the test coverage of the project’s codebase, helping maintain high code quality and reliability.

## Installation

### Prerequisites
- Java JDK 17
- Maven 3.6+

### Build the Application
Clone the repository and build the project with Maven:

```bash
# HTTPS
git clone https://github.com/smirnou/swiss-re-coffee-shop.git
# SSH
git clone git@github.com:smirnou/swiss-re-coffee-shop.git

cd swiss-re-coffee-shop
mvn package
```
### Run the Application
To run the **Coffee Shop** application, please execute:

```bash
java -jar target/swiss-re-coffee-shop-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar
```
## Changelog

Keep track of all changes to this project in the [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md). The changelog includes a detailed list of updates, bug fixes, and new feature additions for each version of the CoffeeShop application.

You can view the full changelog [here](./CHANGELOG.md).

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.
